Small updated to contribution notes (#888)
graphprotocol/docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

The files that you’ll likely be updating are in [the `/website/src/pages/en` directory](https://github.com/graphprotocol/docs/tree/main/website/src/pages/en).

> [!NOTE]
>
> Changes should only be made to the English language version of pages, as translations are handled by [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/). If you spot an issue with a translation, please open an issue to let the team know!

Once you located the file that you want to update, click on “Edit” which will create a new forked repo. You can make your edits there and submit a PR.

Alternatively, you can manually fork the repo, create a branch in your fork and make all the edits you want before submitting a PR. To view all your changes in context,[run the application locally](https://github.com/graphprotocol/docs/blob/main/README.md).

## Adding new pages

When you add new page, you should also add it to the sidebar navigation. Here's how to do it:

1. Add an entry to the JavaScript object exported by the `_meta.js` file found in the directory of the file you created, where the key is the filename (minus the `.mdx` extension), and the value is an empty string. The `_meta.js` files control the order of the sidebar items.

> 2. To give your new page a different title in the navigation (in case the full title is too long), you should add a `sidebarTitle` property to the [frontmatter](https://mdxjs.com/guides/frontmatter/) of the page below `title`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To give your new page a different title in the navigation (in case the full title is too long), you should add a `sidebarTitle` property to the [frontmatter](https://mdxjs.com/guides/frontmatter/) of the page, below `title`.
```

## Moving or renaming pages or directories

> If you want to move or rename pages or directories, you should use the following script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to move or rename pages or directories, you should use the `move-pages` script:
```

> - Run `pnpm run move-pages` in the `website` package (`cd website && pnpm run move-pages`; example usage is provided when running the script with no arguments).
>   - This will move/rename files/directories in all languages simultaneously, which is necessary to prevent build errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cd website`
- `pnpm run move-pages` (example usage is provided when running the script with no arguments)
- Files/directories will be moved/renamed in all languages simultaneously, which is necessary to prevent build errors.
```
